Lost Jordan Peterson Interview

Interviewer: "Have you ever answered a yes or no question with a one-word response?"

JP: "Well, see, as a world-class linguist I have to say it depends on what you mean by 'word.' Do you mean the smallest unit of meaningful language? In that case, what would 'well' have meant in the beginning of my response just now? And by 'answer' do you mean just a response to a question or are there any underpinnings of having to 'answer to' someone in a hierarchical sense? Because hierarchies change the context of the question being asked to less of a casual, optional answer into more of a demand, even if it's unintentional, due to power structures. And that's because these, let's say, power structures have been around since time immemorial. Lobsters have power structures. But you know what social construct they didn't have? Infanticide. And I can confirm beyond a shadow of a doubt, since I'm a fully-credentialed marine biologist because I've been going to the aquarium and studying the animals there for 40 years, that lobsters have no rules about infanticide. In fact, if we go back further in evolutionary history, which I can speak to as an evolutionary biologist, we see that many species, in fact, had no gender roles and no particular role at all in the life of offspring. This was before trees and lobsters, so it must be hardwired into our brains to not care for our young and have no distinguishable gender roles. But if we're going by the most numerous animals on earth, we have to at least look to ants to figure out how we should structure gender in society. One queen who flies around, mates, and pumps out babies until she does while a harem of men provide her with a huge mansion and are at her beck and call. But wouldn't that be discrimination based on gender? Not if you're a cultural Marxist. That's just the type of matriarchal society they want. I know this because I, myself, am a professor of feminist studies. So, in answer to your question, I don't think that we should allow pineapples on pizza unless the top is the hearty meat because we can't have sweetness represented as the topmost layer, as sweetness is often permissiveness and is therefore chaos. We must temper this with order, which is the meaty structure of the ham."