Most normal vtuber fan encounter

So during my first smester in uni I met a pretty chill guy, he noticed that I watched vtubers and we bonded over that. I asked him who were his favorites and he named off a lot of male chuubas. I also listed some of mine and told him that probably my favorite one was Pomu. Eventually we became pretty close friends and did basically everything together. He started going to the gym with me, which shocked me a bit, because he is a pretty skinny guy. He really didn't have to work out, since he was blonde and had soft facial features, which made a lot of the girls and even some teachers have a crush on him. Even with all of this attention he remained single.

  
As the months passed I noticed that he only came with me to the gym when we had leg day. But I didn't question him, I didn't want to sound like some gymrat. I also noticed that he started to let his hair grow, but then again a lot of people do duting uni.

  
When Halloween came, I told him that I was gonna stay at home and just play smash, since was low on cash and couldn't afford a costume. He seemed pretty happy about that so we went with my plan.

  
Even though I told him not to, he brought a couple of six packs of corona and also a bottle of vodka. Two hours in and we were already pretty drunk. He told me to wait for him and so I did.

  
15 minutes passed and out of the bathroom I saw him come out. His face was flushed and he was wearing a Pomu cosplay. Trembling he just said "I'm Pomu", while gulped.

  
I couldn't control myself. I got up and put my hand under his chin before I started kissing him. We made out for like 20 minutes straight, before he took off the dresss, only leaving him in the transparent and tight black bodysuit, as well as the blue ribbon on his head. I ripped the material and rubbed my cock against his soft meatbuns. Only until then I noticed just how soft and thick they were. My cock throbbed against his tight bussy and I could even see the bulge in her suit, as he just looked up to me, while panting.

  
We used a whole box of condoms. It was already 3 am and I was breathing heavily in the room only lit by the screen that we forgot to turn off. He pulled my sleeve and I turned to him, only to see him pour my thick nut inside of his mouth.

  
"Let's keep this as our secret, ok?" He said before we went to sleep and cuddled together