My black friend has a BDSM kink and when I was whipping him during sex my curtain fell down and now my neighbor thinks I keep slaves in my bedroom.

Okay some context here. My black friend, 28M (we’ll call him Jake, but his real name isn’t actually Jake), who used to be my coworker revealed to me that he had a BDSM Kink on my shift.

At first, I was at a loss for words, but didn’t want to keep the silence any longer since I didn’t want him to feel like I was judging him, so before I knew it, I started drooling from my mouth and grunting and got on all fours and chased him out of our work building and onto the streets. Jake climbed up a lamp post to escape me but I just sat under the lamp barking for 30 minutes before straightening my tie and returning to work.

The next day, Jake didn't come to work. At this point, I felt guilty as fuck, so I did the one thing that I could think of to make him trust me again: I shot him a text saying that I also had a BDSM kink and told him to meet me at my address today afternoon.

Sure enough, later that day, he met me outside my house carrying a bag of what he called "tools" and we went straight to our bedroom. He then poured out the contents of his bag onto my Lightning McQueen bedsheets, which were a whip, some body rope he called a "harness" and a yellow strap-on which must've been atleast 12 inches in length and 5 inches in girth.

It was when he inserted the strap on into my anus that I had realized I made a terrible fucking mistake. It's agonizing thinking about it, but it felt like someone shoved a dozen firecrackers up my ass and now they're repeatedly going off inside my anal cavity.

Finally, Jake said he wanted me to whip him with the whip. Sure, it felt weird since he was black, but he assured me it was okay and that we all understood what we were doing.

On the first whip, he let out a high pitched scream which concerned me a little bit since my window was open but the curtains were draw so I assumed my neighbour just thought I was beating my son or something. On the second whip he howled even louder than before, and on the final I started to really get the hang of it.

That was when the shit hit the fan. On my fourth whip, I decided that he really needs to get it and tried charging up my next strike like a Smash Bros character, but my attack got a little out of control and my whip made contact with the curtain rod, which subsequently made my curtain fall. Fuck.

And lucky me: my retarded ass neighbour was standing right there, looking into my window while my whip landed on Jake's bare ass which resulted in him howling like a alpha wolf. My neighbour gasped, and ran back into her house.

I'd wished to tell you she called 911, but instead she did the even worser thing and started telling everyone in the neighbourhood about my ownership of Jake and how I was probably keeping more locked up in my basement or something.

Eventually, the news spread and it got so bad to the point where I started getting beat up at night when I tried visiting my 711 for beer and every time I peer out my window I see people on trucks armed with shotguns just hunting me on the streets.

Anyways, I am now contemplating between staying inside for the rest of my life or admitting to them that I BDSM-style fucked Jake out of grief. Any responses would be appreciated.