I caught my son having sex with the new BLÅHAJ toy we got him for Christmas

A couple of weeks ago, we bought our son(M 14) a new BLÅHAJ toy for Christmas. I(M 53) didn’t know why, because he was 14 and felt he would of matured out of plushies by now, but we bought it for him anyways since his grades are pretty good. We also stopped seeing it after a bit so I just thought he did mature.

Well, I figured it out just yesterday. What happened yesterday was that his mom, my wife(F 50) finished making dinner for all of us, and called my son to the living room to eat. But he didn’t show up, we figured he was playing video games (He always plays something called League of Legends or something) and was just finishing something up. But after 15 minutes and him saying nothing, I was furious and barged into his room.

What I saw still is shocking me, and I see it every time I close my eyes. He was wearing a black mask, the type you’d wear during the pandemic, long pink socks that went all the way up to his thighs, and a buttblug. His BLÅHAJ was even worse however. It had 2 pretty small holes stabbed in it with a knife right where the tail joins the body and the inside of the mouth. He made it wear a ball gag, cat ears, and he stole a pair of her mothers fishnet stockings, cut it in half, and put it on its tail.

The BLÅHAJ was horrifying. I’m assuming he started fucking it ever since we stopped seeing it. The BLÅHAJ was entirely white, every bit of color it had looked like it was painted over white.

When I had barged into his room, I let out a shriek as i saw his bare ass with the butt plug, fucking the BLÅHAJ in the hole he had made near the tail. He turned around trying to tell me that it wasn't how it looked. But it was exactly how it seemed like. When he picked it up there was his fucking **SEMEN** dripping from the BLÅHAJ plushie and going on the ground, and it was making a squelching noise when he lifted it off the ground. I don't think he used it for just fucking either, as it smelled like piss too. (I bet if I had squeezed it, 100 gallons of pure semen would come out) And if you had replaced all the semen on the floor with blood, it would of been the most gruesome crime scene ever documented.

We have now disowned him, and he has ran away to his friends house. We also want to throw the BLÅHAJ away, but we are too disgusted to even remotely get near the damn thing. We don't know what to do with it, we want to call 911 but are afraid we might get fined if they think we are overreacting, or just simply laughed at and hung up on. We have barricaded his room with spare furniture just to stop the smell of his fucking semen taking over the house.