Cute femboy at my school

Guys, I (17 M) just met a cute femboy (16 M?) yesterday. When I transferred to my new school I saw this blonde femboy with fluffy hair and I knew I had to be the one to take his anal virginity. I immediately started talking to him but he seemed pretty shy (I dont think hes used to masculine men talking to him). After 3 months of talking to him, I noticed hes been sending some signals. One day he suddenly just asked me if I wanted to come to his house (I of course immediately said yes), and another day he was talking about gay sex randomly (foreshadowing). So I'm hanging out with him in his room (very pink btw), we're playing some Mario Kart and when I was about to leave, he pulled me and pushed me on his (very pink) bed. He sat on me and started removing my clothes, I push him off me and ran (I regret doing that...) fearing of being raped (I dont like being raped). Next monday when school came around, he started avoiding me. This went on for 3 days until I texted him about it. He kept going on about what he did was wrong and kept apologizing. I replied that its fine and I was just surprised at the moment. This got him to be comfortable (mistakenly) around me again. So we were playing some games in his room (just a reminder, its very pink) and I decided it would be a good idea to push him down on the bed as a joke. And so I did. But I didnt expect him to react so cutely. While I was processing what the hell I just did he whispered into my ear "its okay". That turned me on so much I accidentally started undressing him, yet he didnt resist. He allowed me to undress him more and more. I get to his pants, I pull it down, and I dont see a penis. I see a vagina. Now at this point I completely go braindead. My friend (and crush) was never a femboy. He fooled me all along, no, she fooled me all along. After seconds of staring at "it", I ran off. I just couldnt take it. I transferred schools, and blocked all of her accounts.

TLDR: I thought I was talking to a femboy.