Flareon Copypasta (The wholesome ones are boring)

Hey, did you know that in terms of male human and female pokemon breeding, that flareon may not be the best suited when compared to its cousins such as vaporeon or umbreon. But it's small physique and lightweight of 2'11" and 25kg, it would serve a tight but usable delight for your tight desires. 

Along with its egg group of 'field' a Flareon is very capable of breeding with humanoid creatures unlike its cousin vaporeon. Its exp growth of medium to fast also allows it to quickly adjust to your body and what you desire, allowing for a more pleasurable experience. Flareon has a very impressive base attack and decent defences that are perfect for those who desire to be dominated, but its lower defensive stat allows you to return what it had given you, but its high special defence allow for all sorts of mental and emotional abuse, and it will power right through. 

Flareon does have an issue of its body reaching 1,700 degrees celsius, but as with other pokemon from the fire typing, they are not expressly immune to the flames, meaning that the genitalia would be much cooler as to not harm other Flareons, meaning it will provide a warm, but satiable hole. With Flareon's ability to learn moves such as endure, attract, stored power, charm, and scary face, it has the express ability to satiate the needs you want, being able to endure so much satisfaction, and charming you until you cum, then it will release all it has endured along with you.

This is all without mentioning its other physical features. Flareon’s have manes of fur, ponytails and fluffy tails, the rest of their body covered in warm orange fur. This makes handling the Flareon easy as you’re able to grab the fur around its neck and manipulate it as you please, using it to choke or trap it from escaping. The tail makes it easier to latch onto as well, being able to stop it moving unless you want it to. The lack of protective fur around its chest makes its nipples easy to view and manipulate, allowing you freedom to use it as you please. 

In fact, one of Flareon’s hidden abilities is *Guts,* making it so that whenever the Flareon is affected by a status effect, their Attack increases by 50%, this means that you and your Flareon are able to get into some kinky situations! SO, should your Flareon be asleep and you need to relieve yourself, they’ll be immediately ready, giving back 1.5 times the pleasure as usual! This also works with paralyse, should your desires be to restrict your Flareon, allowing you complete freedom over its body. It’s that simple! Even more though, with your Flareon’s guts ability and its ability to learn sleep talk, you can perform played out rape for the weird people, and it can still use its increase sleeping damage to unconsciously return what you give it.

But more than that, Flareon is the most huggable pokemon in terms of Human and Pokemon companionship. Not only is it able to warm its body up to the perfect hugging temperature, but it also has the aforementioned fluffy orange fur, that is no doubt incredibly soft. But more than this, because of its special defence stat, its able to withstand any emotional venting and be perfectly fine, meaning that a Flareon can cure your depression if treated right!

There is no doubt that Vaporeon is the most compatible Pokemon when talking in terms of Male Human and Female Pokemon breedability, however Flareon is second second to none when comparing a long term relationship. Flareon has a resistance to any emotional damage meaning that they’ll be by your side no matter what, their high attack stat means that the Flareon will never fail to be able to please you, using every single skill in their arsenal to make you happy. Flareon’s body is practically designed for use, perfectly inviting and built for the long haul, the Flareon’s loyalty never failing to be by your side.