I may have single handedly saved my local GameStop 🚀🚀🚀 (found on wallstreetbets)

I was sadly laid off from my job a few days ago. My circadian rhythm has been off as a result, so I decided to head down to my local GameStop to mentally reset (and maybe pick up a few Funko Pops &amp; more batteries).

The store looked immaculate (obviously). It even passed what I call 'the white glove test', which is where I put on a single white glove and go around touching things to see if I collect any dust.

After a few minutes of testing, it dawned upon me that the kid working there didn't greet me upon entering, so I strode up to the counter to confront him.

"Everything ok?" I coolly asked, disguising the true rage burning inside of me.

He just sort of nodded, asking if there was anything he could help me with and why I was walking around touching things with gloves on.

"Heh. Just thought I'd pop in to see how my store is doing." I replied. "Looks good. Though, I couldn't help but notice that you failed to greet me when I entered the building, which is a real problem - here at GameStop we greet all of our customers."

Visibly confused, he asked me if I was a corporate employee or something.

"Employee? Not legally. I am however a shareholder, which makes me a part owner and, technically, your boss."

In that moment, he knew that he fucked up; he began to stammer out an apology, but I wasn't having it. This kid just disrespected a shareholder.

"Look, kid," I interrupted, puffing out my chest to look as big and intimidating as I could. "You should be thankful that we've given you the opportunity to work for the most innovative tech giant on the planet. Failing to greet people hurts the customer experience. Hurting the customer experience brings down company profits. My profits. And I'll be dead before a little piss baby like you is gonna fuck with my money. Keep it up, and you won't have to worry about greeting people anymore. Understood?"

I began to leave, all the while he just sort of stared at me, shaking his head and asking what I was talking about.

"Oh, and one more thing," I added, one foot out the door. "I'll be having this Funko Pop on the house." and I grabbed the nearest one and left without paying.

I haven't been back to the store since, but I imagine that the kid now has everything shipshape and has been greeting every customer since. It feels good to help my company!